Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(tense music)
(tense music intensifies)
(tense music continues)
(tense music)
- Look. lemme get
back to you. okay?
And as I've said. I give no
low budget family discounts.
This is not project law.
You know what? I'll call
you when I find wasted time.
Yeah. uh-huh.
There's an unexpected species
that just walked into
my office unannounced.
I know you saw me on
an important call.
but I forgot you don't have
proper training. do you.
but other than the floor
under my daddy's desk?
What is it. Trudy? And
where's my espresso?
- Good morning to you too.
Looks like someone woke up
on the wrong side of the bed.
And did you just call
me a species? Really?
- Like I said. what
do you need. Trudy?
If I knew you were
gonna treat my place
like that ghetto
hair salon you ran.
I would've hired a temp.
- First of all. my love.
you didn't hire me.
your father did.
And anyway. here is
the file you asked for
for the Ronaldo case.
And as far as your espresso.
oh. that was sitting
on the edge of my desk
when you generously
walked by this morning.
You didn't part your
mouth to say good morning.
hello or anything of the such.
so I'm pretty sure
it's cold by now.
- Then heat it up.
I believe you know how to use
the MWG top class
monogram microwave.
instead of those what.
pull handle Mainstays
you're used to?
How much you pay for that
at the Dollar Store. $19?
Oh. no. wait.
You go to those thrift places
and get them half off. Ew.
- First of all. Rainey.
I am not your maid.
nor am I your servant.
If you want your
coffee warmed up.
you warm it up yourself.
I don't even know
what's gotten into you.
If it wasn't for your father.
you still be waiting tables.
- And you would still
be on top of them.
- You know what? I'm not
even gon' do this with you.
- [Rainey] Mm-hm.
- Well. excuse you. Ugh.
Girl. I cannot understand
for the life of me
why you keep that trick here.
- Girl. I just work here. Okay.
And anyway. she's only here
because my father left it in
the will that she stays on.
But you know that's
because she was sleeping
with his nasty butt.
You know what? While my
mother was still in that home.
- Your mother?
Wait. when your mother deceased.
you was only 12 years old.
So that makes Trudy
nine years old.
So what you saying your
daddy was a child molester?
- Really?
I'm talking about her ashes
still being on the fireplace
after all these years.
People just don't
have any respect.
- Oh. Anyway. I'mma
just leave that alone.
So do you have any
plans this weekend?
Because I have two
expensive tickets to go see
that new singer we both love.
And VIP tickets. my girl.
- Are you serious?
- Yes.
- I've been trying to get
these tickets for months.
They have been
completely sold out.
- Well...
- How did you get these?
- They don't call
malicious for nothing.
- Ugh. You. you're just
nasty. You know what?
I don't care how you got them
because I'mma make
that man my baby daddy
the way he gon' sing
to me this weekend.
- Wait.
I thought you didn't
want any more kids
since you had a hard
time delivering Logan.
- I don't. He's gonna replace
Logan's worthless dad.
Trudy's cousin. okay?
Lemme call my brother so I
can get a permanent babysitter
for this weekend.
- Ah. Mr. Fine.
Tell him malicious is still
waiting on her proposal.
- Now. girl. I like you
way too much for that.
And I love my brother.
he's my heart and all.
but you know he's
on the down low.
That's why Philomena
divorced him.
- (speaker mumbles).
please don't remind me.
- Okay.
- Okay?
I had a setback for a moment.
- Okay.
- Geez.
- Oh. shoot. You know what?
Before I forget
why you stopped by.
- Uh-huh.
Oh. honey. you are a life saver.
- And don't you forget it.
- Okay. so I'mma let
you get back to work
and I'mma stop by the spank.
- Okay.
- Okay? So call me later.
- All right.
- [Melisende] And I'mma come
by with some wine. okay?
- You know what?
That sounds like what
I need after this day.
Just make sure it's
rich for my taste
since I am the
one paying for it.
and not that Irish rose wine
my dad used to drink. girl.
- Girl. I got you. Okay.
- Okay.
I'll see you later.
- Have a good day. honey.
- Later. boo.
- [Melisende] Bye-bye.
(upbeat music)
* Freaky. oh. oh
- So. honey. how
was school today?
And where did you and your
uncle go after he picked you up?
- School was great today. Ma.
I got this awesome
science project to do.
and Uncle Evan took
me to the stores
to get all the materials
I need to start it.
He's gonna help me build it.
Then. he took me to go
get the new mint OGs
that actually just
came out yesterday.
- Mm.
- Also. he taught me
his new smooth moves
on the basketball court.
He said he was an all star
in high school. Was he. Mom?
- Yes. he was.
And if it wasn't for this
condition that blocked him.
he woulda went pro.
But not to mention
all the haters.
- What condition? He
seems healthy to me.
- Oh. no. he is. baby.
Just some people you
really need to pray for.
I'm so proud of how you
look up to your uncle.
- Yes. Mama. He's the best uncle
any kid could ever ask for.
That's why I don't miss my dad
'cause Uncle Evan
teaching me everything
from fishing. fixing cars.
basketball and boxing.
And you know what? Maybe
someday how to shave.
- You have a long way
to go for that. okay?
But yes. my brother
is one of a kind
and we are going to do
something wonderful for him
for his birthday coming up.
- Can I please
pick out his gift?
Okay. every time
we go to the mall.
I see him staring at this
watch. and I know he wants it.
but he always say it is
outta his league of pennies
and I come first.
- Yes. we'll do that for sure
after church this Sunday.
Okay?
- Yes. Mom.
- What would I do without my
two favorite men in my life?
- I'm not a man yet. Mom.
- [Rainey] Mm. You got that
right? You're my little man.
Now hurry you up and
eat those vegetables
so you can grow up and be a
all star basketball player
like your uncle.
- Hey. y'all. hey. I
come bearing gifts.
- What are you doing here?
I. I didn't invite you here.
- I. I brought gifts.
Well. I brought you a
bottle of some fresh wine
'cause you look like you had
such a stressful day today
early in the office.
So I brought you that.
And for my cousin. I
brought you a gift as well.
but look at you.
You're getting so big and
handsome just like your dad.
But this is for you.
- Thank you.
- [Trudy] You're so welcome.
- Thank you. baby. Mm-hmm.
Please take your Family
Dollar gifts back with you.
Thank you. but no thank you.
- But Ma. can we at least
see what got me first
before she take
'em back. please.
- Yes. mommy dearest.
Can we please see what
his daddy got him?
- Okay. baby. Sure.
- Wow. Cool. Thank you so much.
This is just what I wanted.
- See. (speaker mumbles)
Cousin Trudy's down
with you generations.
I know exactly what you like.
If you like it. I love it.
- And I know what I would like.
Baby. go ahead and take
that into the other room
and allow me and Ms. Trudy to
continue to talk. okay. baby?
- Yes. Mom.
- Thank you.
- That's cousin Trudy.
My goodness gracious.
- Thank you again for the gift.
I know you got it for me
'cause my dad never
gets me anything.
so you have no need to pretend.
- Oh. you're so sweet.
- Bye-bye.
- But don't worry. I'll be
back with more gifts. okay?
- Okay.
- You know what. Rainey?
I'm going to pray for you.
I don't know what's
happened to you.
We. we used to be so cool.
I am the reason that.
that. that Logan exist.
I introduced you two. and
y'all was so happy and in love.
- Yeah. maybe I grew up
after you was sleeping
all through my
father's law firm.
God had better for me.
and it wasn't that ghetto
gang banging cousin of yours.
Okay? He put 'em in prison
where wild animals belong.
And I mean. let's be straight.
The only thing that was
good on him was his penis.
And that gave me
my blessing. Logan.
So with that. leave.
- You know what? You're right.
I should just leave before we
both say something we regret.
You know what? You
gonna need me one day.
Believe that.
And God's gonna see to it
that he gets your attention.
- That's probably the funniest
thing you've ever said.
You should do standup comedy.
Get out.
- And will.
(upbeat music)
- [Evan] Now. sis.
what was so important
that you had me drive
a whole hour away
just to come listen to you
when you coulda called
me over the phone?
You know I had a hot date
set up that I had to postpone
because baby sis said
she needed to see me.
What's up?
- That's why baby
sis called you.
Anyway. I just like looking
at your handsome face
when I need to ask
you for something.
What are you doing this
weekend and Monday morning?
- Nothing much really.
It's my weekend off.
Oh. I am planning on
taking Logan to the movies.
You wanna join us?
- Mm-mm. Maybe next time.
I was gonna ask you.
can you keep Logan
for the weekend
and take him to
school Monday morning?
- You know I don't mind.
- [Rainey] Okay.
- Hold on. Hold. hold.
Lemme find out you got a
whole date this weekend.
- No. Melisende got
us front row tickets.
backstage passes and VIP all
access to the after party
for Little Rock this weekend.
- [Evan] Say less.
You know I got you.
- Yes. My favorite.
Speaking of witch.
you know that girl I've been
digging you since grade school.
- [Evan] Who?
- Who? Melisende.
- [Evan] Oh. you got
jokes. You got jokes.
- No.
- You remember the
little hot date
I was just telling you about?
- [Rainey] Yeah.
- Just fine with me. I'm good.
- You are too much.
You know that?
And I love you to
the moon and back.
And I would flip this
world upside down
if anyone ever
hurt you or Logan.
Just ask your ex. Philomena.
- Oh. believe me. I know.
She still complains about
that little knot on her head
and them scars after 15 years.
See. that's why you
don't have a man now.
You too violent.
No. seriously.
When are you gonna settle down.
find you a nice young man
and get outta these streets?
- You making it sound
like I'm dating all over.
You know what? I'll indulge you.
When the good Lord
sends me a man
that makes twice as much as me.
has no kids or baggage. okay.
credit score over 900.
drives a hundred thousand
dollar plus or more car.
and owns a home
that's $1.5 million.
- And that's why
you still single.
You are truly Lester
Evans Storms' child.
No wonder he left you the
business and everything else.
I didn't quite. um.
fit his standards.
Even being the first
born and only son.
- I got you. You
know that. right?
Daddy was wrong to judge you
and cut you out of his will
just because of your
lifestyle and your choices.
I love you no matter what
and your nephew adores you.
So just know that I got
you. whatever you need.
- I know you got me. sis.
but I. I don't need that.
I don't need that
man's dirty money.
You know?
I'd rather work both of
my jobs and then some
before I take a dime from him.
- You don't have to.
but I understand.
And if anything
ever happens to me.
you and Logan are set for life.
- Girl. ain't nothing
going to happen to you.
You hardheaded. tough as steel.
and you do your own thing.
- [Rainey] Mm-hm.
- By the way. where is Logan?
- Mm. He's knocked out.
He. uh. had a physical today.
tried out for basketball.
You know he wanna
be like his uncle.
- [Evan] Yeah. yeah. can
you blame him? Nah. nah.
I have taught him some of my
moves from back in the day.
- Okay.
- That kid is good.
- [Rainey] Yeah.
- Better than me good.
- [Rainey] Mm.
- So. you know. at least
he won't have anything
holding him back
from being drafted.
So. you know. I been
working with him
and. uh. working
on that dribble.
And mark my words. a storm
is gonna be in the NBA.
- Evan. that was their
loss back in the day. Okay?
To me. you're still
my famous all-star
basketball-playing brother.
You know they were
scared of you. right?
And they still can't touch you.
And daddy coulda beat that case.
but hey. look on
the bright side.
you get to watch Logan
grow up every single day
and not miss one.
And to be honest.
that's what he needs.
He needs a male role model
like you in his life.
And aside from all of that.
instead of traveling
the world with a ball.
you get to babysit
for me all weekend
so I can go see Little Rock.
- I don't mind it. you
know? I love y'all.
- [Rainey] Mm.
- And you're right.
I would've given all that up
and watch my little nephew.
- [Rainey] Yeah.
- That kid is brilliant.
You know he get
that for me. right?
- Mm-mm. He get that ask
too many questions from you.
For sure.
- Whatever.
Normally. he hears my voice
and comes bolting
down them stairs.
My nephew that tired?
- Ugh. He is beat. Okay?
I was on the phone.
he was playing that game
low life. trailer trash Tru-
(gags)
- Sis. we ain't
gon' do that. Mm-mm.
- Trudy bought him. Whatever.
Anyway. between
basketball tryouts
and karate class and shopping
and playing that game.
he's worn out.
- Okay. I mean. you
know. can you blame him?
He's a kid. you know?
- [Rainey] Yeah.
- Very energetic. I get it.
But. um. I. I gotta go.
- Where you go-
- Look. I'm. I'm gonna be with
him the whole weekend. sis.
- But where you going?
- Listen. just be careful
at those concerts.
after parties. backstage.
wherever y'all doing.
- [Rainey] Mm.
- I hear they drug
women at those events.
- They never met Rainey Storms.
And you know daddy always
said I was tough like mommy.
Right?
So if they ever try
it. I'll be ready.
- [Evan] Rainey.
- What?
- [Evan] Really?
- Hmm?
- Be careful with that thing.
- [Rainey] I will.
- I mean. my God.
I know you don't have
that out around Logan.
- Oh. of course not.
I mean. I keep it
locked away usually
in a safe in my bedroom.
He has no idea I have it.
But listen. I'm a well
established. wealthy.
not to mention fine.
single mother of a 12
year old son living alone.
So I'm a target to thugs.
like his daddy. to try me.
And when they do. I'll be ready.
- I mean. you do know you
had a child by that thug.
I'm just playing.
All serious. and. sis.
I understand. Trust me.
I just want you to be
careful. All right?
- Mm.
- Look. you gotta
protect yourself.
especially living in the
world that we're in today.
- [Rainey] Mm-hmm.
- All right? I'll.
I'll pick Logan up...
- Okay.
- Tomorrow.
Have fun.
That way. you know. you'll have.
you know. you have more time
to be able to do your thing.
get on the road early
- [Rainey] Okay.
- But listen.
I. I know you're not gonna
like what I'm about to say.
- What?
- Can you please just
give Trudy a chance?
She's cooler than what you
think. Just give her a chance.
- You know what?
I was loving whatever this
was in my whole entire hearts.
But you know what?
Yeah. Mm-hmm. yeah.
- All right.
(both chuckling)
Oh. and when Logan
get up in the morning.
tell him I want my $20.
- $20 for what?
- Yes.
- Evan. you got my son gambling?
- No. No. no.
He bet me that every
time I stop by.
he could hear my voice.
no matter how deep
of a sleep he was in.
And if he missed me.
then he'd owe me $20.
So tell him to pay
up. I want my 20.
- You know what? Y'all
are too much for me.
But please drive carefully.
Text me when you get there.
- Yes. mother.
Nah. seriously. I'm
'bout to go and. uh.
try to salvage the
rest of this hot date.
But enjoy that concert.
and please lock that door.
You always leave that door
unlocked. Yes. you do.
Listen. it doesn't
matter how safe
and pretty this neighborhood is.
there's dangerous
people everywhere. sis.
Sometimes even next door.
- Okay. Mental note.
I will lock the door.
I'll remember. okay?
- [Evan] All right.
- Text me when you get there.
And yes. I am you
and Logan's mama.
just like you our daddy dead.
Come on.
(music drowns out speaker)
* That I'm half without you
* We're just meant to be
* I hope you feeling
the same way too
* 'Cause every
moment you're near
* It's far too clear that
* You took my
heart for keeping
* And it won't stop beating
- Boom.
Uncle Evan. that
was a great movie.
Thank you so much for taking me.
- [Evan] Oh.
- Can we go see it again?
- [Evan] Uh. maybe
on my day off. man.
But it was a great
movie though. man.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
- [Logan] Thank you.
- [Evan] Mm-Hmm. No prob.
Didn't I tell your mom to
lock that door before we left?
- Yes. sir.
- I guess she was just
excited to go see that Little.
Little Rock dude.
- Yeah. it's her
favorite singer.
I got to listen to that
song. like. every day.
- I bet.
You know. that's kinda like
my mother and my grandmother.
you know?
But we had to listen to BB King.
- BB King?
- Yeah. It's a little bit
ahead of your time. my man.
So listen. I need you to run
upstairs. grab your pajamas.
two outfits.
and please make sure you
grab your church clothes.
- Yes. sir.
But can I also bring my new
game Cousin Trudy got me.
so I can show you all the new
cool tricks I learned. please?
- Ah. I guess. Just make
sure you grab everything.
That hour is a long drive all
the way back here. All right?
- Yes. sir.
- [Evan] All right. go
ahead man. Hurry up.
- [Logan] Yes. sir.
(solemn music)
(burglar clears throat)
- [Burglar 1] You do
know it's rude of you
to throw a man's
food away. right?
- Excuse me? What are
you doing in this house?
Rainey is not home.
Did she let you in?
- [Burglar 1] Thanks
for the heads up.
but I'm not here for Rainey.
- Then what are you here for?
- [Burglar 2] Let's just
say we the delivery people.
- We came in to
deliver a homicide.
- If you think I'm 'bout to
let you walk up in this house.
unannounced. and attack
me without a fight.
must be losing your mind.
I don't know why you here
and I don't know who you are.
but you need to get outta
this house right now.
- You hearing this. man?
- [Burglar 2] I hear him.
- Hear him talking. I hear you.
- [Burglar 2]
Where's the kid at?
- You gon' have to kill me
before I let you lay
one hand on my nephew.
- [Burglar 1] Oh.
that can be arranged.
- [Logan] Uncle Evan. you okay?
- [Burglar 2] Gimme that bag.
- Come here. Come
here. come here.
Like I said before.
you and you need to leave
this house right now.
- [Burglar 2] I see we have
two who ain't paying attention.
Like my friend here said.
don't ask to it. punk.
Nobody ain't going nowhere.
This is my last time.
Hand over the bed.
- And any cellphones
you may have. please.
Don't make this harder
than what it is.
Now. I see we have
your attention.
- Leave my nephew out of this.
all right. He's just a kid.
He don't understand
what's going on right now.
If this got anything to
do with me or. or money.
look. let's just leave
and handle this as men.
All right? Leave him outta this.
- [Burglar 2] Gimme the bag.
Where the phone at? Kids
got phones these days.
- [Logan] It. it's in the
front pocket of my travel bag.
- Thank you.
Now that we have that squared
away. we taking a long ride.
- We're not going
anywhere with y'all.
- [Burglar 1] You
are in no position
to give any type of orders.
- [Evan] No. Hey. hey.
- [Burglar 1] Now. like I said.
we about to take a long ride.
Making things a lot harder.
- Logan. run. Run!
- [Burglar 1] Go get the kid.
- [Rainey] We had
such a good time.
- [Melisende] Yes.
It was great.
- [Rainey] Thank you so much.
- [Melisende] You welcome.
honey. You know I got you.
- [Rainey] You know
that Little Rock.
that. that brother is fine.
- [Melisende] Yes.
girl. He was fine.
You heard me.
- [Rainey] Fine.
- [Melisende] He was.
- [Rainey] Uh...
- [Melisende] What?
- [Rainey] Why is
Evan's car here
if he not answering the phone?
- Girl. you are like 10 hours
late and he had to miss work.
so he might just be mad at you.
- Mm. you know what?
Ever since we were little.
he always having
happened them tantrum.
(mumbles) mommy.
I don't know why you laughing
'cause that's your boo.
- And if.
- [Rainey] Ooh.
- [Melisende] Girl. you toe up.
- [Rainey] That's
my brother though.
Yes. girl. Woo.
- [Melisende] That
was a good weekend.
- Yes. it was.
Do me a favor.
hold this. please.
Lemme look for them.
Okay.
Logan. Evan.
I been texting and
calling all morning.
Where are you guys?
- Girl. I don't know.
maybe they upstairs in that
video game with them headsets on
and can't hear you.
- You know what?
You're probably right.
Lemme go upstairs and check.
In the meantime. make yourself
at home. like you always do.
and pour us both a tall
glass of wine. okay?
- Girl. I'mma go ahead
and make myself at home.
You know I don't
mind doing that.
- [Rainey] I know you don't.
- And I'mma pour me
a cold glass of wine.
- Yeah. make sure it's cold.
What the- the hell?
Logan. are you in here?
(tense music)
Something is wrong.
- What do you mean
something is wrong?
Were they upstairs like I said.
playing them stupid video games?
- What do you mean stup-
Look. Logan's room
is unkept and messy.
and I only found one sneaker
and I can't find the other.
Where's my cell phone?
Lemme call Evan and find
out what's going on.
please.
- Rainey. calm down.
Maybe they went to the
store to get a bite to eat
or Evan took Logan shopping
and one of his
friends took them.
I don't know.
- I will not calm down. Okay?
Evan won't let anyone drive him
ever since Tony
had that accident.
you know that.
He won't even let
me drive. Okay?
Look. gimme my cell phone.
Lemme find out what's
going on. please.
- Rainey. maybe I put
it on the table. Okay?
Geez. worrying for nothing
after we done had a
fantastic weekend.
(doorbell rings)
Uh. may I help you?
- Are you Mrs. Rainey Storms?
- [Melisende] No.
- Can we come in?
- [Melisende] Yeah. come on.
- Thank you.
(somber music)
- Hey. Rainey. The detectives
are here to see you. girl.
I don't know what's going on.
- Detectives. what
can I do for y-
Why are you at my home?
I didn't call for
law enforcement.
- At all.
- Are you Mrs. Rainey Storms?
- I am Ms. Rainey
Storms. Not Mrs.
What do you need?
- Well. we are here
on official business.
- Mm. Well. excuse me.
I'm 'bout to go pour me
another glass of wine.
- I need you to tell me
what you need with me.
I need to go find
my brother and son.
- Ms. Storms. would
you like to have a seat
so we can talk with you?
- No. I just told you I need
to go find my brother and son.
- Ms. Storms. is your
brother and son's name
Evan Storms and Logan Storms?
- Yes. Why. you know where
they at? Where are they?
- Can we please
just have a seat?
- [Melisende] Um. what's
wrong with Evan and Logan?
- Like Detective Smith say.
can we please just have a seat?
- Oh. my God. What is-
I don't wanna have a seat. Okay?
Just tell me what
you need with me
so I can go and find
my brother and son.
I was calling around
anyway looking for them.
and since you're here.
make yourself useful
and help me find them.
- Ms. Storm. please calm down.
We just need to know when
the last time you seen them
and your relationship first.
before we released
this kinda information.
- She seen them on Friday
when she dropped
Logan off to school.
- Look. are they in
some type of trouble?
I'm a very powerful attorney.
Now. where are they?
- So you seen your
son on Friday?
When was the last time
you seen Evan Storms?
- I saw my brother on Thursday
when I asked him to
come over to keep Logan
for the weekend and drop
him off to school Monday.
Now. why?
- So when did you arrive home?
- Oh. my God. About 20 or 30
minutes ago. This is too much.
Do you know where my
brother and son is?
If so. where are they?
- Where were you?
- We went to the concert
this weekend in Atlanta.
- So when did you
arrive back home?
- About 20 or 30 minutes ago.
Look. I knew
something was wrong.
Please tell me if they're okay.
And if so. where are they?
- [Melisende] Oh. my God.
- Ms. Storms. we are so
sorry to tell you this.
but your brother Evan Storms
and your son Logan Storms
was found murdered last night.
- [Rainey] Huh?
- Wait. What did you just say?
- [Detective Smith] And
their bodies were dumped
in the recycling site.
- [Melisende] Oh. my...
- [Rainey] No. no. no. no.
- Oh. my God.
- This gotta be a
sick joke. right?
I mean. who. who put
you both up to this?
- Oh. my god.
- I know this is hard to
take in. but this is real.
They were both found with
gunshot wounds to the head.
- Take in? Take in what?
Are you serious?
You just came into my house
and told me someone
murdered my bro-
my brother and my son.
Get out! Get out now!
'Cause these are all lies
and I. I don't believe you.
- I know this is hard
to hear. believe me.
We are so sorry for your loss.
- This does not make any
sense. Are you guys sure?
- Do you know.
do you know of anyone that
would wanna harm Evan.
or did he have any enemies?
Would you please give us a call?
- My brother had no enemies.
And who would want to kill
my 12. my 12 year old son?
Get out of my house!
Leave now! Get out.
- Ms. Storms. we truly
are sorry for your loss.
And trust we will
find who did this.
- Look. this is a lot for
her to take in right now.
Could you guys please
give her some air?
I mean. I don't understand.
Everyone loved Evan.
And who wanna kill
Logan? He is just a kid.
I mean. you was right. Rainey.
You said something wasn't right
when you went upstairs
and found his tennis shoe
on the ground in his room.
- When? Did you see this?
- Yes. We realized Evan car
was parked in the driveway.
Rainey went upstairs and
saw that he had his shoe
on the floor.
- We'll need forensics
to dust for fingerprints.
Ms. Storms. is this
the tennis shoe?
We need to bag
this for evidence.
* It's better to pray. pray
- Could you guys please leave?
- [Detective Stonewall] Yes.
- She will give you guys a call.
- Yes. we will leave.
We'll wait out until team comes.
But we need to this
place for evidence.
We think the crime started here.
- Well. you guys just find
out the scarbs that did this.
* Yeah. we broken
- Why. God? Why?
Why would you take my brother?
I hate you.
- [Melisende] Okay. Calm down.
- No. No. the world
will pay for this.
- [Melisende] I know. sis.
I know. I know. Calm down.
Oh. my God. My God. Oh. my God.
* Pray
(upbeat music)
- Yes. honey. Yes.
All of this will be mine soon.
After all these years
of being under your
evil daughter's control.
When it said states
clearly in the will
that 20% of this belongs to me.
Hm. But look at her now.
Her whole world
is crumbling down.
And instead of you turning
your back on Evans.
you shoulda gave
him the business.
You know that he woulda
been the better seed
to run this business.
Not Rainey.
(Melisende clears throat)
- Excuse me.
What are you doing
in Rainey's office?
And what did you say
about my best friend?
- Um. first of all.
I don't have to answer
any questions to you.
And Rainey's not
here. so why are you?
- I know she's not here.
I came here to get
some of her files
so she don't lose
any more clients.
And I know she would
not be happy to know
that you was in her office.
dancing and lusting
over her father's photo
with your nasty self.
- First of all. nobody
was lusting over anyone.
Second of all.
I'm the only person in here
keeping this business together
while she's at a home sobbing
over a bottle of alcohol.
- Are you serious or
just plain stupid?
Rainey lost her
brother and her son.
As matter of fact. she
lost a lot in her life.
She lost her mother when
she was only 12 years old.
She lost her father. her
brother. and her only child.
So how you expect somebody
to bounce back from that?
You can keep your wise
cracks to yourself.
- This is exactly why
Theodore Evan Storm
shoulda left this entire
business to his half daughter.
- What are you talking about?
Mr. Evans has no other
children but two.
So you can stop with all your
lies like you did in the past
when you was around here
faking up a 10 pregnancy
until your belly fell out.
- Well. first of all. I wasn't
talking about no other child.
I was talking about
Rainey's brother.
The one she calls man.
You know. half man one place
and half woman in the other.
- You have no respect or
compassion for the dead.
You are tripping.
- Oh. well. honey. I do.
You got to remember.
it was my cousin got
caught up in this mess.
And honey. if she wasn't
paying your mortgage.
paying your car note or
being your personal ATM.
oh. you be saying
the same exact thing.
- So what you mean?
You know who did this
to Logan and Evan?
Because if you do.
you better say something
before I beat it outta you.
- I wish you would.
Go ahead and try me.
Remember. boo. we ain't
10 years old no more.
- Just go ahead and get
out my office please.
so I can call Rainey and get
the combination to the lockbox.
- Hm. I'mma go ahead
and leave this office.
But while you talking to her.
be sure you tell her
that the bills are due.
She's already lost four clients.
and if she doesn't
wanna lose anymore.
she needs to seek counseling.
Matter of fact. I
know of a great one.
He does wonders for me.
I'm pretty sure he can do
wonders for her too. Hm.
- [Melisende] Okay.
Have a good day.
- And will.
- Ooh. I can't
stand that heifer.
I don't understand
why Mr. Storms ever
sinked in that trick.
My gosh.
Hello. Rainey. I have
called you over 50 times.
You need to hurry up and
get back to your office
before I go LisaRaye from
"The Players Club" on Trudy.
Can you believe she
was in your office.
dancing and lusting
to your father's photo
with her little nasty self?
I need the combination
number to your lockbox
so I can get the files.
Answer your phone.
I have called you over many
times. I do have my key.
Bye.
(tense music)
- Trudy Brown. Haven't
seen you since my wedding.
I didn't know
Rainey kept you on.
- Well. Ms. Philomena.
what brings you this way?
- Well. I came to
talk with Rainey
since I don't know
where she lives.
I heard what happened.
What a tragedy.
My heart drops
straight to the floor.
Who would do this to my husband?
- You do mean your ex-husband.
What. it's been like
15 years divorce?
If I'm correct. I think
he left you for Carl.
Or was that Rick?
- He will always be
my husband at heart.
I was his only wife
and he never remarried.
Besides. you're just upset that
he didn't leave me for you.
- No. darling. Evan is
like a brother to me.
I ain't never even
seen him like that.
But. um. trust and
belief. if I did.
he would never be
a second thought
about him leaving you for me.
- Keep telling yourself
that. sweetheart.
Look. I didn't come here to
go back and forth with you.
I came here to chat with
Rainey and offer my services.
When I'd heard what happened.
I was out in The Bahamas.
- Well. as you can see.
Rainey is not here.
So what I can do
is take your number
and let her know
that you stopped by
to see if there was
any insurance money
for you to claim.
- Why. thank you. And no.
that's not why I came here.
By the way. nice office.
I see Rainey takes good
care of her hired help.
- Hello. Excuse me.
- Yes.
- Trudy Brown available?
- I'm her.
How can I help you?
- May I have a seat?
- Absolutely.
Who are you and what
can I do for you?
- Sure.
I am Detective Smith.
and I'm working on a murder case
with Ms. Storms' son Logan
and brother Evan Storms.
- Yeah. such a
tragedy. Terrible.
But what. what do
you need with me?
- If you don't mind. may I stay?
I wanna know if you have any
leads on who did this to Evan.
- And may I ask who you are
and your connection
to Mr. Evan Storms?
- Yes. I'm Philomena
Storms. I'm his wife.
- His ex-wife.
- [Detective Smith] I didn't
know Mr. Storms was married.
- Like I said. Detective.
ex-wife of 20 years.
- Yes. I am his ex-wife.
But do you have any leads?
- Well. we questioning
everyone that knew them
and worked with Ms. Storms.
So are you partners with Ms.
Storms or another attorney?
- No. she is. was and
still a gold digger.
- I came here to talk with
Rainey and offer my services
because I wasn't able to
attend the funeral service.
- And what about you
Ms. or Mrs. Brown?
- It's Ms. and I'm
practically the owner
of this establishment.
You see. I am the
financial advisor.
- Huh. So otherwise.
you a secretary.
And how long have
you known Ms. Storms?
- I've known Ms.
Storms for a while.
We actually grew up together
and I'm cousins with her son.
- So you a relative?
- Not quite.
You see. her. her
son is my cousin
because my cousin
Blade is his father.
- And where can I find
this Blade. Logan's father?
- Sure.
You can find him at the
Mansfield State Prison
where he's been since
Logan was two years old.
and he would be there
for the next 18 years.
But I'm pretty sure
Ms. Rainey exp-
explained all this to you.
- Well. we been giving
her some time to heal
through this tragedy.
Listen. does Ms. Storms
have any enemies as clients
since you know all
the cases that comes?
- Well. I will say this.
Rainey is definitely a handful.
and can have a bad
attitude at sometimes.
but I haven't seen any
clients that do not like her.
Everybody seems to love
her for some odd reason.
So. no. But you might
wanna check with his ex.
- And why would you say that?
Did you and Mr. Storms
have a bad breakup?
- Yes. they did.
You know. he's gay and
he left her for a man.
Even his father cut
him out of his will
because of their situation.
- To clarify. Evan and
I departed his friends.
I knew of his lifestyle
well before we got married.
So there were no issues there.
We had an open marriage.
We agreed that since
he wanna be with men
and we simply got married
as a coverup for his father.
it would be best that we
just remained as friends.
And I supported Evan
in every way possible.
So. no. there were no issues.
- Well. if you could
think of anything else.
please give us a call.
Here's a card for you both.
- [Philomena] Thank you.
- You welcome.
- Well. I really don't know of
anything else I can tell you.
but you may wanna check in
with some of the
men he was dating
'cause. you know. a lot of
people don't like the gays.
- That gives no one a reason
to wanna harm a innocent child
or a gay man.
If you think of anything
else. gimme a call.
You both have a blessed day.
And by the way. nice office
just to be a secretary.
- May I walk out with you.
Trudy. please let
Rainey know I came by
and to call me anytime.
- Mm-hmm. And will.
- [Philomena] Thank
you. Detective?
- [Detective Smith] Yes?
- [Philomena] I have
a question for you.
- Secretary? I
got her secretary.
I earned all of
this. This is mine.
Secretary. my butt.
Hello.
Yes. I need to cancel all of
Rainey Storms' appointments.
She will not be coming
in anytime soon.
if I have anything
to do with it.
(upbeat music)
- [Melisende] Rainey. Rainey.
- What?
- [Melisende] Rainey. sis.
What is going on and how
long you been like this?
You look a mess.
Girl. how many bottles
of wine you had?
- Leave me alone. I don't
wanna be bothered. Okay?
And how did you
get in this house?
- For one. when the last
time you took a shower?
And how long you been
in this mess. girl?
'Cause you stink.
- Shower? For what?
- [Melisende] Oh. my God.
- The world is
over for me. Okay?
It ended on May 29th
when your fake God decided
to take away Evan and Logan
without a cause.
So just leave and
don't come back. Okay?
- No. I'm not leaving
you like this.
Look. Rainey. I know. okay?
I know all of this is wrong
and none of this
should have happened.
But I do know Evan and Logan
would not wanna see
you like this at all.
- How the hell could
you possibly know
what I'm going through?
Did you lose a brother?
Or a child?
No. So stop telling
me how to feel.
Just get out.
Leave.
- No. Rainey.
I am not leaving
you like this. Okay?
You are my sister.
my best friend.
So I'm gonna go downstairs and
fix us both a cup of coffee.
I'm gonna come up.
run you some bath water and
put you some clothes on. okay?
- What you could do
is drop your key off
on the way out the door.
Leave.
- No.
- Get out. Just go.
I'm not leaving you
like this. okay?
You can cuss. you can
scream. do whatever you want.
but I'm not leaving
you in this state.
- Get out. Get out.
- Oh. my God.
Like I said...
- Get out.
- I'm gonna go around
you some bath water
and you gon' put some clothes
on 'cause you look a mess.
- Get out. Stupid.
(Rainey screams)
Your days are numbered.
Whoever did this
to Logan and Evan.
you have not seen this
side of Rainey Storms.
I am gonna make
you pay for this.
- What's wrong?
I heard you saying something
about somebody was
gonna pay for something.
You okay?
- Whoever did that to Logan
and Evan. yeah. they gon' pay.
- The detectives are
going to find out
the scums who did this to them.
Okay?
- The detectives aren't
gonna do anything.
Just two black men dead.
less they gotta deal with.
But you do have one thing right
- Mm. what's that?
- It's time for
me to take charge.
Yeah. it's time for Rainey
to come back to the surface.
- Yes. Now that's my girl.
Now let's go put on some clothes
and go pop up on
that Trudy Brown.
Look. I was there the
other day getting your file
so I can call your clients
to let them know
you'll be back soon.
and she was in there like
she was running the place.
I don't trust her. Rainey.
- She say the same
thing about you.
- [Melisende] Oh. word? Mm.
- But all that stops today.
- And will.
- Rainey Storms is back.
- Hey. Rainey.
I was expecting you back so
soon. I'd have been prepared.
- I bet you didn't.
Is that why you sitting your
nasty behind in my chair?
Get that heck outta my office.
And while you at it.
call the exterminator
and the cleaning crew.
- I'm sorry.
Exterminator for what?
And cleaning crew for what?
This place is spotless.
- I don't know what you left
behind with the way you live.
And while you at it.
find the number for
the custom design.
so I can order me a
new chair and desk
because I would never
sat where you sat.
- Wow.
You know. a thank you
woulda been in order.
As you know...
Wow. Really?
You know. Rainey.
it was me that kept this place
in order while you were home.
It was me that kept
your clients happy
while you were at home grieving
over the loss of
your loved ones.
- I bet you did keep them happy
by spreading your
legs both ways.
- Wow.
I'm glad to see you and
your attitude is back.
You would think the time
away from the office
would maybe.
perhaps. changed you.
or even. possibly. you
may have found Jesus.
but I guess not.
It's obvious the devil
still lives within you.
- Once this term of
the will expires.
you who will be out the
minute the clock strikes.
Bye-bye.
(upbeat music)
- So. I was surprised
when you called me
to come pick you
up for lunch today.
How's everything? I know
Trudy was shocked. Mm-hmm.
- I had no choice.
After you played that
dirty little trick on me
and handcuffed me to you and
dragged me out the house.
and only released me
if I agreed to go out.
And yes. Trudy was surprised.
I had to call the cleaning
crew. the exterminator.
and I had to order a new
custom chair and desk.
- What? Girl. you
back for real. Okay?
And that's all that matter.
You know. I know
it's been hard. sis.
and I know everything's
been tough.
but you know. I just did
what God instructed me to do.
- So your fake
God that you serve
told you to handcuff me
and drag me out to a restaurant
only to have a salad.
- See. actually. I
helped him out a little.
See. I use my same trick
that I use on David.
Cindy and um. oh.
John or whoever.
when I want them to
stay in my bed. honey.
until morning or until I
get finished with them.
- I can't with you.
(Melisende laughing)
Don't look. girl.
They got this fine. chocolate.
delicious. baby. meal of a
snack staring over there at me.
- [Rainey] Mm-mm. if
you walk over there.
I will flip all this
food on your lap.
- [Melisende] Oh. they
ain't gon' mess up
my expensive food. baby.
I need him to think
that I got money.
- Good evening. beautiful queen.
I seen you from across the way
and wanted to come
over. introduce myself.
How's the food?
- Baby. it's fine.
Okay? Just like you.
And if you haven't noticed.
there's two queens
sitting at this table.
- You're right. I stand
corrected. Two queens.
But anyway. I see you over here
just digging through your salad.
I wanted to ask if
you needed anything.
if everything was
okay. you know?
- Everything is fine. Thank you.
- Really. Rainey.
- Look. queen. I know
what you going through.
I know what you
experiencing. but guess what?
Everything's gonna
work in your favor.
Even through the darkness.
you still gonna shine.
Keep that in mind. All right?
- So. what are you.
some street hustling
pastor waiting tables?
And want a hand out
a cash or something?
- Oh. know what?
Just please excuse her.
She been through a lot.
She been through a
lot these past days.
- So you queens sisters?
- No. we're best friends.
but we will stomp
you out like we are
if you don't remove
yourself from this table.
- Wow. Please excuse her. Okay?
- It's fine. I understand.
I see all the pain and
hurt in your beauty.
But you know what?
Beauty is of the
eyes of the beholder
who only seeks that.
But the pain.
that's for true soul seekers
who see beyond the beauty.
Understand what I'm saying?
- Man. that's deep.
So. um. would you like
to join us for lunch?
- Uh. no. thank you.
But what I will do. I'll take
care of you queen's food.
and I give you some of the
finest wine I have here
in my establishment.
On the house.
- [Melisende] Well. thanks.
- You're very welcome.
And Rainey's a
very powerful name.
- It is.
- And I would like
to talk more to you
and see more about you
and actually learn
more about your name.
where it come from
and who you are.
So gimme a call whenever
you get a chance
or whenever you need
someone to talk to.
- [Rainey] Okay.
- [Hudson] Have a
great meal. Okay?
- You too.
Girl. you are so rude. Okay?
First of all. that man
got money and business.
And to top it all off. honey.
he got big. big. big feet.
- I'm not interested
in that man's money.
his business or his big feet.
The only thing I'm
focused on right now
is finding out who killed
my brother and son.
Now until you can produce
me that. nothing matters.
- Okay. Rainey.
- [Rainey] You know what?
I'm ready to go.
* No matter if the
lights go out
- We should've got-
- [Rainey] I'm ready to go.
- [Melisende] Oh. my gosh.
* I don't care if
no else around
* I'll hold you down
* I'mma always be right here
* I'mma be right here
* Hey. hey. hey. hey
* Yeah. I'mma always
be right here
- How you doing?
I see you put that business
card in use I gave you.
- Mm. well. you did
stress that I can call you
if I ever need anything.
- I did.
- So I did. And plus.
I forgot my wallet.
Thanks for bringing it back.
- Of course.
- [Rainey] Come on in.
Okay. why don't you go
ahead and have a seat
before the food gets cold.
- Oh. you have a
beautiful place here.
- Thank you.
- Lemme. uh.
lemme pull your
chair out for you.
- Oh. Thank you. Sweet.
- Of course. It's
the way I do things.
It's only one Hudson Wheeler.
- [Rainey] Oh. is that right?
- Absolutely. Dinner smells
amazing. You made this?
- [Rainey] Mm-hmm.
- Oh. I'm impressed.
- [Rainey] Good.
- [Hudson] I'm ready to dig in.
- So I felt like I owed you.
you know. since I haven't
been that kind to you
for a whole entire month.
- Well. that's kind of
you. but you don't owe me.
That debt's already been paid.
It was paid when you called
me. my queen. You know this.
- Why do you keep
calling me my queen?
I'm yours or something?
- Absolutely. That's my
target. To get you to be mine.
Isn't that what we here for?
'Cause that's what I'm here for.
I wouldn't have
it any other way.
- Okay.
So you enjoying your meal?
- Oh. without a doubt.
But. um. I see there's
no dessert on the table.
so I figured it must be you.
- I'll see what I
can work up then.
(Rainey laughing)
I have not laugh this
hard and a very long time.
- [Hudson] Mm-hmm
- Thank you for accepting
my invitation to dinner.
- Of course.
Believe me. it was
all well worth it.
Dinner was exceptionally divine.
I haven't had a meal like that
since Grandma Pearl's
Sunday dinners.
Where'd you learn
to cook like that?
- My mother. my grandmother.
I just used to sit in the
kitchen and watch them.
I always wanted my
own fancy restaurant.
- So why didn't you go for it?
Because if those meals
anything like the
meals you cook tonight.
I would be in there every day.
I'm talking 24/7.
- Well. I got pregnant
at a very early age
and my father had
other plans for me.
He wanted me to follow
in his footsteps
and become an attorney
since my brother
decided to drop it all.
Long story.
- Long story? I mean. I can
listen to you all night.
Like I said. I am a
very good listener.
- [Rainey] Mm.
- So who's in the picture?
Is it ex-husband. current
boyfriend. current...
Then what's going on? Son?
- Mm. No. No husband
or ex-husband.
That's actually my brother
Evan and my son Logan.
- Oh. I am so sorry. This is
my first time seeing them.
I truly apologize about that.
- It's okay.
- Are you okay? Did I
say something wrong?
If I did. I. I. I. I apologize.
- Oh. no. no.
Just looking at their
picture just brings me back
to. um. everything that
happened six months ago.
right here in this house.
- Everything happened
in this house?
I had no idea.
- Yeah. um. the
detectives believe
that it happened
here in this house.
So...
- Listen. Rainey.
you're my queen.
When I tell you I won't
let anything happen to you.
I mean it.
I truly believe I was sent
here to North Carolina by God
to protect you and
to look after you
and to make you my wife.
You won't have any more
worries while I'm here.
- Thank you. but I don't
think God will bless me.
But I do know that someone
sent you from soul.
- I just. I just can't believe
all this took place here.
Listen. no one will ever
hurt you again. Nobody.
You're my queen and
I will marry you
and I'll show you that.
You're the most beautiful
person I ever seen.
And the moment I
laid the eyes on you.
I knew you was for me.
And I want that feeling to
be forever. And it will be.
I'mma make sure you heal.
(detective knocking)
- Oh. this has to
be my nosy friend.
Lemme get rid of her. Okay?
- All right. That's fine.
- Hello. Can I come in?
- Uh. what brings
you by. Detective?
Have you found who
murdered my family?
- No. not yet. I came by
earlier. but you wasn't here.
So I went to see your secretary.
and she said you went on
lunch. but you never came back.
So I came by your home today.
- Yeah. This is my good
friend. Mr. Hudson Wheeler.
And he's just here
for moral support.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you as well.
- Okay.
Well. Ms. Storms.
here's a few mugshots
I would like for you
to take a look at.
You let me know if any
of 'em look familiar.
- I truly don't understand
why I'm looking at
pictures of criminals.
I don't associate myself
with people like that.
- Well. Ms. Storms. you
are a powerful attorney.
And maybe it was a enemy
or someone that you knew.
So. Mr. Wheeler. did you know
Ms. Storms' brother. Evan?
- No. I did not. I'm
just here for support.
Just as Ms. Storms
stated before.
just here being a good
friend through a rough time.
you know?
- Ms. Storms. does any of these
people look familiar to you
in these pictures?
- Why do you have
pictures of my exes
or my brother's friends?
- We have to check out everyone
that knew you and your brother.
- Well. you're looking
in the wrong place.
These people loved me.
love Logan and love Evan.
I mean. I. I don't understand.
- Well. Ms. Storms. I have
to check out everyone.
Do you have any
enemies as clients
that will want to bring
harm to you or your family?
- No.
I mean. why aren't you out
there talking to people.
checking fingerprints
or hair samples
for the forensic reports?
- Ms. Storms. I'm doing all
I can to solve this case.
Believe me. I will not
rest until I find the scums
who did this.
- That's crazy.
I don't believe my
brother didn't try to
save my son's life.
I mean. he was a black
belt in martial arts
and he taught it.
So I know that there
was a struggle.
- Ms. Storms. even the
highest can be overtaken
when a weapon is involved.
- So you believe there
was more than one?
- Yes. I do.
And that's why I
need to know everyone
that you believe had a motive.
- Well. believe me.
if I had so much of a whisper
of who it was that did it.
I wouldn't need the police.
the detective or the FBI.
because when it
rains. it storms.
- I understand how
you feel. Ms. Storms.
But let us do our job.
They will slip up.
- Then do your job
before I do it for you.
- Please don't take it personal.
I'm quite sure she
didn't mean it.
- I know. but I
believe she meant that.
Reading Rainey's history. she's
the last besides her aunt.
Try to calm her down. We don't
need another body showing up.
- Thank you. Lemme
walk you to the door.
- [Detective Smith] Thank you.
* Baby. you got me going crazy
* Wanna be you lady
- [Rainey] This is nice.
- [Hudson] Thank you. I
know. Something small.
I know it's the
thought that counts.
- [Rainey] Pay attention. I see.
- [Hudson] I got you.
(music drowns out speaker)
- [Hudson] All the
things that I like.
- Yeah. Anything for my Rainey.
I mean. I know you
can whip up something
way better than this.
but I figured
it'll do right now.
- No. but it's still
nice. But I love to cook.
- Oh. really? Who
taught you how to cook?
- My mom.
- Your mom?
- Yeah. I used to
get up on a stool
and just watch her
in the kitchen.
- It's a beautiful story.
Now I really wanna taste
more of your cooking.
Gotta see what mom taught you.
- Mm. Yeah.
- Would you like some grapes?
I mean it's not many. but...
- Uh. maybe later.
- Oh. that was my romantic
moment of the day.
- That's okay.
- Feeding you grapes.
- Yes. Thank you.
- Like something
drinking instead or...
- No. You know what?
Actually. I wanna...
- What do you wanna do?
- I wanna take a walk.
- You wanna take a walk?
- Yeah.
- Let's walk. then.
- Okay.
(upbeat music)
- You okay?
We need to get you to the car.
- No. no. no. no.
no. I'm fi- I'm fine.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- [Hudson] I'mma take your
word for it. All right?
No. No. you know what? We
gonna get you to the car.
Let's get you to
the car. Come on.
- [Rainey] Are you sure?
- Yes. Yes. You can rest a
little bit. And we'll come back.
- No. no. no. no. I think-
- [Hudson] Let's go
to the car. Come on.
Come on. It's okay relax.
- Oh. where you been? I been
calling you for two weeks.
I'm surprised you
finally answer me.
So please don't tell
me you went back
into that depression
mode again. huh?
After everything it took
for me to get you out of it.
- If you would take a
breath. I will tell you.
- Okay.
So what got my best
friend going MIA
and had me at the
detective's office
telling them you was missing?
- Are you serious?
- [Melisende] I mean. what
did you expect me to do
after everything
that done happened?
- Calm down.
- [Melisende] Shoot.
- And lemme tell
you what God did.
- Okay. okay. okay. What?
God? What you mean God?
Did they find out what
happened to Evan and Logan?
- No. Not yet. And yes. God.
I never thought I could
be this happy again.
- Girl. I'm just.
I'm just saying.
You got saved or something?
Because the last time. I know.
you and God was not
on any speaking terms.
or should I say you and God
was not on any speaking terms.
- Listen. do you remember that
new restaurant you took me to
about a month ago?
- Mm. Yes. Girl. you did
something to that man?
- No. Do you remember that
he gave me his business card?
- Please don't tell me you had
that man business shut down.
- No. let me finish.
- [Melisende] Okay.
- Okay.
Because of you taking
me to that new place.
I was able to find
my future husband.
- Yo. what? Girl. when and
where did this all happen?
Hold on. Wait.
You on crack?
- No. stop.
- No. girl. For real.
I know you've been
depressed and everything
and drinking a lot.
but this sound like a
crackhead move. girl.
For real.
- No. okay? Look.
I called you several times
and you didn't answer
your phone. okay?
I was feeling lonely.
I picked up my purse and
his business card fell out.
So I called him.
- I'm sorry. girl.
That might been my twin
night. Paul and Saul.
- Ugh. No meat.
- Yes.
- I'm actually glad
you didn't answer
because I called Mr. Hudson
Wheeler and he came over.
- Oh. so he the reason why
my best friend went MIA.
So he must've had you tied up
the other day when I came by
because you didn't
come to the door.
And did you change the locks?
- Yes. I forgot to tell
you. I changed the locks.
but Hudson decided that
it'll be a good idea
since I don't know how the
killers had a way in my home.
- Oh. you calling him by
first name basis. huh?
Mm. I see who calling the
shots around here now.
- No. okay. But
he is a big help.
And he's someone
important in my life now.
- Well. I'm happy for you girl.
I'm happy. sis. No. really.
- [Rainey] Thank you.
- I am.
- But the real reason
why you couldn't reach me
was because Hudson took me
to a private island resort.
and I changed my lock
so you could go
shopping somewhere else.
- So how much I get paid?
- Paid what?
- Paid. P-A-I-D.
Girl. I need my money.
- I don't-
Paid? How you getting paid?
What you getting paid?
- Calculating your and
his finance. honey.
I'mma need $100.000 for each.
You can start with a set up fee.
- You know what?
I got you. girl.
- Okay. well. it's
time to celebrate.
I'mma go pour me
a glass of wine.
- You go do that.
- Okay?
This empty? Stop
all that drinking.
(lighthearted music)
- Listen. baby.
Don't you think we should
work on taking things
to the next level?
And by next level. I mean
you becoming my wife.
- Are you serious. Hudson?
- I'm very serious.
I meant what I said
when I said you the
first person I wanna see
when I wake up
and the last person I
wanna see when I go to bed.
And even though Logan
can never be replaced.
I wanna work on a family.
I wanna work on rebuilding us.
rebuilding everything
fresh from start.
And I was thinking. basically.
let's make it happen as
soon as this weekend.
Be my wife.
- This weekend. baby?
Listen. I love you.
I thank God for you
every single day.
You came into my life
when I was in the darkest
place possible. okay?
But baby. I want a big wedding.
I want my friends and
family to be there.
I want my only living
relative. my aunt. to be there.
And baby. I can't forget
my day one. Melisende.
She has to be my maid of honor.
- All right. All
right. I understand.
All that's very possible.
It's still possible.
Everything you mentioned
to me is possible.
But one thing I do
know is in life itself.
and God taught me this.
don't put off for tomorrow
what you can do today.
Nothing's promised.
And you know this.
So let's live like it. I wanna
make the promises to you.
I want you to understand
that your heart is mine
and my heart is yours.
And if your friends coming
is that important to you.
we can fly them out to Vegas.
It's time to get (music
drowns out speaker).
- Okay.
- [Hudson] Yeah.
- Let's do it.
- [Hudson] I like that smile.
- I'm ready to become
Rainey Wheeler Storms.
Baby. can you take my last name.
you know. 'cause of
my daddy's law firm?
And no offense. baby. but
Wheeler is a weak name.
- Right. Well. no offense taken.
Actually. Wheeler is
my sperm donor name.
My so-called dad lived right
behind me my whole life.
raising a family.
and never even said. not
even two words to me.
So you on to something there.
- Baby. I'm so sorry
you had to endure that.
(knocking on door)
Wait. Who could
that be this late?
That better not be
that crazy Melisende.
You know what. baby?
Don't worry about it.
Lemme just get rid of her.
and this is our special night.
Okay? So just lemme-
- Wait. You know what?
- Hmm?
- Stay put.
- All right.
- I don't want you
taking another step
until we make it official.
When you step out. (music
drowns out speaker) you're mine.
* You and me. you
and me. my baby
- Baby. it's beautiful.
- Oh. I know. Do you love
it or do you love it?
- I love it. baby. Thank you.
- Okay.
- Okay. lemme just. lemme get
rid of her. Okay? Lemme just-
- You. you know what?
- What?
- I'll handle this. I
have some errands to run.
- [Rainey] Okay.
- So I gotta step out.
- [Rainey] All right.
- Make sure you stay put.
- [Rainey] Okay.
- And relax.
- [Rainey] All right.
- This is our
special night. okay?
- [Rainey] Yes.
- [Philomena] Oh. hello there.
I see why Rainey didn't
come to the door.
And may I ask. who are you?
I haven't seen Rainey
with another man
since Logan's father.
Hmm?
- What do you want. Philomena?
I don't recall my phone
ringing for you to stop by.
- I came to have a woman to
woman chat with you. Okay?
I knew if I would've called you.
you wouldn't have answered
or said I can come by.
So here I am.
(rain pelting)
- I'm gonna let you
have your girl talk.
I'mma excuse myself.
I'll get back to you later on
so we can continue
our special night.
- [Rainey] Okay.
(rain pelting)
- [Hudson] Excuse me.
- By the way. do you
happen to have a brother.
uncle. cousin. or daddy?
- I absolutely do not.
I'm one of a kind.
- Girl. Girl. girl.
Where did you find that man
of yours with those big feet?
Oh. and did I hear him
say soon to be wife?
What have I missed out
on these last few years?
You kept him hidden.
- Like I said. what
are you doing here?
I only gave you an address so
that you can receive flowers
from friends and families
to pay respects
since you did not.
- Look. Rainey. all I ask is
for five minutes of your time
to hear me out.
Okay? Please. I loved
your brother just as much.
And besides. when all this
happened. I was out the country.
I heard about it on my way back.
You know I woulda
been there for you.
- You have five minutes
and then you're out.
- Mm. My feet are killing
me. Can we sit down?
I ordered these new shoes online
and they're two sizes
too small. so...
- Yeah. that's what cheap
shoes would do to you. honey.
I don't want you to think that
it's that kinda connection.
so we're good right here.
- Okay.
I been calling
down to the station
to get updates on the case.
and the records are sealed
due to family request.
- [Rainey] Because it's
no one else's business.
- We're family. Rainey.
You know I love you
just like a sister.
in spite of our past.
- We are not family.
My brother divorced you long
before he left this earth.
So stop running around here
like you're Mrs. Evans Storms.
My father only let
you keep that name
to keep the divorce quiet.
And he paid you very well.
- What you're
forgetting. Rainey.
is that me and Evan
remained the same.
We were best of friends.
Hell. half the men he
dated. I introduced him to.
- And is probably
one of the ones
that took the life of
my brother and son.
You know what? Get out.
Okay? And never come back.
- Never? Wow.
I'm truly sorry you feel
that way. I really am.
You know. I'm still
gonna pray for you. Okay?
Oh. and by the way.
I came back to let you know
that your little friend.
the one that you call
sister. she can't be trusted.
Word on the street in our old
neighborhood. is that she.
she can't be trusted
and that she's really
not your friend. Rainey.
Just be careful.
- Same old Philomena bringing
back bones from hood rat dogs.
You have always been jealous
of me and Melisende's
sisterhood relationship
because you don't have one.
- You know what? You're
right. You're right.
I better leave before
we both say something
that we'll regret.
But just to clear the air
here. Me? Jealous of her?
That's a joke.
That's a good one.
Everyone knows she lives
off of you. mama. Hmm?
- Bye. Philomena. Your
five minutes is up.
- Okay. All right. Take
care of yourself. Rainey.
And congratulations on
your new love and marriage
and I'm really
happy for you. okay?
You deserve it.
Please keep me posted on
any updates on the case.
I'll see my way out.
By the way. remember
what I told you?
Be careful with your
little friend. Melisende.
or whatever her name is.
Take care.
- Yeah. Uh-huh. Bye.
The nerve. I'll tell her
when hell freezes over.
She will not ruin
my special night.
(phone ringing)
- Hello? Aw. yeah.
The plan is in motion.
She said yes. We're gonna
be leaving next week.
And the best thing about
it is she has no clue
who I really am.
or what's about to happen
to her whole entire world.
And she thinks she
lost her family before.
I been drugging the
wine that I bring her.
So that always works easy.
Yeah. and after we get married.
I'm gonna increase the dosage.
That way her friends and family
could start seeing
her mental state.
And after that.
I'll get the doctors to
diagnose her incompetent.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh.
So then. it's easier for
me to take over her company
and all her assets.
Pretty much everything she
owns be all in my hands.
So this is what
I need you to do.
I need you to get that ticket.
'Cause I need to get
back home. all right? Ah.
Yeah. Way too easy. man.
Way too easy.
- Yes. girl. I am officially
Mrs. Hudson Wheeler Storms.
I'm so happy.
- [Melisende] Yes.
Even though it was
not what we planned.
the big Diana princess
wedding. I got to say.
it was romantic. girl.
for Hudson to fly me and
your auntie to Paris.
put us in the most expensive.
romantic place ever.
And the men. good Lord. girl.
I never been out
the county. right.
Just to think of the type
of French men I could've met
through I had another
week there. honey.
(Melisende laughs)
Woo.
- Yeah. exactly. That's
what I was afraid of.
My friend slash sister
missing in action.
doing what most single women do
when they run off
with strange men.
(Melisende chuckles)
- [Melisende] Honey.
trust and believe
that would have been flipped.
They woulda been
missing in action. Okay?
Plus. after they had
a dip of delicious.
they woulda thought twice.
But for real. girl. I
am so happy for you.
When are you going to
gimme another godchild?
Even though no one
can place my Logan.
but a girl would be nice
so I can dress her up.
Hello? Rainey. Are you okay?
Hello?
- Oh.
Yeah. I'm. I'm here.
Just. just been dizzy
and can't focus.
That's why I haven't been
in the office for a while.
I been feeling funny.
- [Melisende] Maybe
you're pregnant.
You guys was in lover country.
- No. I took five
pregnancy tests
and they all came back negative.
I don't know. I'm probably gonna
go and see a doctor though.
- [Melisende] So tell me.
you had me in suspense
girl for a whole month
about why Philomena came
to see you that night.
We never covered it.
And when Trudy term is
up at that law firm?
I know it's soon.
- Girl. yes. Her term
is up in five years.
So that's what the will said.
It's been four years.
seven months. two weeks.
11 minutes and 28 seconds.
- [Melisende] Oh. I
know you tired of her.
You know. I'm free from
employment. so if you need me.
I am ready to work. okay?
So back to what I asked
earlier in the conversation.
what did Philomena want?
- Dang. you nosy girl. Nothing.
Just the same old Philomena.
Look. lemme call you back.
I need to put a
lock on this door
because unwanted people
just keep walking in.
- [Melisende] I hear you.
girl. Don't be too hard. okay?
You are married now. so
see you later. honey.
- Well. sorry to bother you.
but actually I was
just bringing you
Miss Connie Lee's paperwork
that you requested.
- Just put it on my
desk please. Thank you.
- Sure.
- [Rainey] Is there
anything else you need?
- Yeah. Are you feeling okay?
Do you need anything? Some
water. some crackers. anything?
You don't look too good.
- No. I'm fine. Um. just...
You know what? I
might leave early.
So reschedule all of my
appointments after lunch.
And honestly. it's just
probably from the plane.
- Mm. well. actually.
first and foremost.
congratulations on
your new marriage.
And that feeling you're
feeling right now
is probably jet lag.
You know. it does cause fatigue.
stomach ache. headaches.
et cetera. et cetera.
Maybe you should seek a doctor.
- Wow.
I. I didn't think
that you knew anything
about riding planes.
Only a bus.
- Well. that's
the problem. love.
There's a lot of things
you don't know about me.
Listen. Rainey. I know you
didn't really care for me.
and you probably even
hated me a little bit
for messing with your father.
but it's not what you think.
- [Rainey] Oh. yeah.
- I respected and loved your
mother way too much for that.
- Listen. Trudy.
I know how much my
father felt about you
and how much he cared about you.
That's why you're still
here. because of him.
But I don't hate you.
My brother was madly
in love with you.
And after he caught you
in bed with our father.
well. he never trusted
or dated a woman again.
- See. it's not what you think.
You never gave us a
chance to explain.
You see. I was covering
for your brother.
You know. Evan wanted to look
good in your father's eyes.
so he wanted to be with a woman.
And at the time. I was
broke. I needed some money.
my bills need to be paid.
So he offered to
fund me a little bit
long as I been his woman.
only for the protection
of your father.
But the only thing was
I couldn't marry Evan.
And that's why he
married Philomena.
- Why are you lying? Evan
would never do that. Okay?
Just. just get out. All right.
- You know what? Here.
Just do me a favor.
Read this. and then
maybe. possibly.
you'll learn the truth.
You know what? I am truly
sorry. Rainey. I really am.
Your father asked me to
look over this company
as well as look over you.
And I done just that.
You see. I'm a real friend.
A true friend.
Now. what you need
to be concerned about
is that friend Melisende.
Your brother's seen
it. I've seen it.
Your mother's seen it. way
back since we were little kids.
- Now you just
talking crazy. Okay?
You and Philomena
sound just alike.
You two always
been jealous of her
because she's beautiful
and she gets everything
that she wants.
Please leave now.
- Your father was
going through something
and was about to lose it all.
It was me that stayed in
this office day and night.
night and day.
teaching myself how to
keep this business open.
And that's exactly
what I've done.
But you know what. baby girl?
Whether you accept me or not.
I am the reason why Storms
Law Firm still exists
and is still standing.
But you know what. Rainey?
I'm gonna pray for you 'cause
you're gonna need me one day.
- Need you? Girl. bye.
I am a well known attorney.
I have a successful career.
I have a fine. rich. well-to-do
husband. money in the bank.
a beautiful home. nice
cars and businesses.
so what could I
possibly need from you?
- Wow. You know what?
Listen to all of those
wonderful things you have.
All of the fame. the
fortune. all the material.
But you know what's funny?
Not once that I hear you mention
the most important thing.
And that was God.
So you know what?
All the other stuff you
just mentioned to me.
that doesn't phase me.
But I tell you what.
I wish you well.
(somber music)
* Oh. oh
- This is Evan's handwriting.
Lemme go. I need to
read this letter later.
Why would she give me a letter
from Evan addressed to me?
Something's not right.
I need to call a doctor.
* Know that you're
not here with me
* See only you
with no disguise
* Reminisce the fond memories
* Memories
(cellphone ringing)
- Hello.
- [Melisende] Hey. girl.
I just got your messages.
Is everything okay?
- No. Why haven't you
been answering my calls?
I been calling for days now.
- [Melisende] I'm sorry. girl.
You know how I get
when I meet a new man.
I get MIA on a sister.
So what is this about
a letter from Evan
you left on my voicemail?
- I don't remember.
And I need to get
in to see a doctor
because I haven't been able to
go into the office for days.
- [Melisende] What you mean?
So what's been going on?
- I'm forgetting things
and I'm seeing things
that aren't there
and I just have these
really bad headaches.
- [Melisende]
Please don't tell me
you are drinking heavy again.
- No. Hudson and I only have
one glass of wine at dinner.
So...
- [Melisende] Where
is Hudson now?
- Hudson went to go and get
me something for my headache
and he also made me an
appointment for Friday.
- [Melisende] Okay.
That's in two days.
So do you need me
to come over now?
- I'm just gonna go to sleep.
- [Melisende] Okay
- He'll be back in a few.
- [Melisende] Call me
if you need me. okay?
- Okay.
- [Melisende] And tell Hudson
to call so I know you okay.
- All right. I will.
(tense music)
(wine swishing)
(tense music continues)
- [Evan] I know you
would never forgive me
for putting you in this position
of pretending to be my
fiance for seven years.
I know my family been
upset with you for years.
thinking you were the
cause of me being gay
and breaking up our family.
But you got to understand
how my father really was.
I could have never
faced him and told him.
or. or even come out to
let him or the world know
at that time his only son.
I knew my dad had eyes
for you for years.
So I punished him for treating
me the way that he did.
For years when he came home
from dropping Rainey off
to law school in Washington DC.
the truth revealed
when he caught me
and Carl Stetson
in bed together.
So I lied and told my
sister and everyone
I caught him and you in the bed.
Keep being there for Rainey.
no matter how much
she rejects you.
I know it's hard.
but if she only knew your
sacrifices for this family.
Watch that Melisende Carter.
She wants my sister's life.
but has Rainey fooled.
Forgive me. Evan.
- Rainey.
Rainey.
No. I did not give her too much.
But this is not
the effect we need.
No. not at all.
But I need you to get here
now. She's not breathing.
I honestly think she's dead.
Okay.
- I can't believe
he that stupid.
Lemme hurry up before
he mess up the plan.
Any response yet?
- No response at all.
Like I said before.
I believe she's dead.
and it's just not
gonna make sense.
me having a deceased newlywed
wife when we just got married.
They're gonna find those
drugs in her system.
- Well. you need
to get rid of them.
just like you did
her brother and son.
This need to look
like a random hit.
Grab her purse and keys.
I'mma drive her car like
she was working late
at the law firm.
- That sounds good. but
what about the money?
What about the business?
How's any of that gonna
to add up if she's dead?
Let's stick to the plan.
And the plan was
I get the money.
I get the business
and I get the assets.
You're the overseer
of all her paperwork.
You get all of that
money from that.
Soon as that's all done. we
cash out and we outta here.
We live happily up after.
- No. you messed that up.
So we gon' need a plan B.
Plus. I never really
cared for her anyway.
I'm glad she gone. just
like her soft brother.
Where's the documents you need?
If anything was to
ever happen to her.
I know how to sign
her signature.
I did that all the time.
- Okay. look. everything
is upstairs in the lockbox.
I gave her some of those
same drugs I put in her wine
just so she couldn't really
recognize what she was doing.
But the thing that
threw me off the most is
her brother and son's names
are still on those policies.
- You mean to tell me
after all these years.
she still have dead people
on her life insurance.
See. I told you she was selfish.
Well. go upstairs and
get the paperwork.
And you can just follow me up.
'cause I always wanted
to know what it feel like
to make love in a
California king bed.
- Wait a minute.
You a real freak.
I mean. you expect for me
to really have sex with you
knowing there's a dead
corpse in the house.
- [Melisende] I mean. why not?
It's not like
she's gonna wake up
and come upstairs like
"The Walking Dead."
- [Hudson] Oh. I
guess you right.
- Well. this walking
dead just did.
What? Go have sex
on my bed. right?
- Baby. what do you mean?
I was concerned when
you didn't wake up.
I was about to call the
cops or the ambulance.
- Oh. you need to call both
'cause they about
to find two bodies.
- What are you talking about?
I was really
concerned about you.
Melisende even suggested
you might be pregnant.
- [Rainey] Oh.
- Look.
you not in the right
state of mind right now.
You a little delirious. Just
lemme walk you up upstair-
- Don't touch me. okay? Stay
away or I will use this.
Okay?
- Okay.
- I heard what both of you
did. You of all people.
I loved you like a sister.
How could you?
Your own godson? What
is wrong with you?
- No. How could you?
After all these years. I
lived under your shadow.
with you thinking you
was better than me.
giving me all your
hand me downs.
How could I what? You crazy?
You forgot how I found
you a few months ago.
You are pathetic.
Every man I ever had wanted you.
the little rich girl. daddy's
little dress me up trophy.
All of this shoulda been mine.
- So that's it? This is why?
This is why you murdered
my brother and my. my son?
I should kill you
where you stand.
I covered for you.
Your fraud. your stealing
from men. everything.
because you was my
sister and I loved you.
Your own godson. Why?
- Put the bottle down. Rainey
Lemme explain. Trust me.
this can all go away.
- Explain what?
That you murdered
my brother and son
and married me for the cover up?
You two are a piece of work.
You are both going to hell.
(Melisende laughing)
- Hell? Baby. I live in hell.
Coming over to your house
when I was 12 years old.
After your mother died.
your dad would call my
drunk alcoholic mother
to come over and help you.
But instead. he was helping
himself when you fall asleep.
So that virginity that was
broken. was by your daddy.
The Mr. Righteous Man Of God.
- So this. that's it?
So this is why you killed
my son? Your godson?
Why? What did he do to you?
- You better be glad I
saved you the heartache.
He was gonna be soft
just like your brother.
He was twisting around here
harder than me and you.
- You are sick and
I'm gonna kill you.
- No. I can't let you-
- Lemme go!
Lemme go!
- Look. we still got
the drugs in there.
We need to make her drink.
- What?
- Right now.
- What? Somebody help me!
Somebody help me!
- Somebody help me.
somebody help me. Shut up!
You forgot you put soundproof
doors and windows in here.
the two missing almighty.
because you didn't wanna hear
the hood rats riding around
in your precious
little neighborhood.
- [Hudson] We need to make
sure she drinks this wine.
- What?
- It's too much.
You gotta drink it.
- What?
- Hold still.
- How could you?
You a rich business man.
I don't understand
what is going on.
- Girl. are you clueless?
Ms. Defense Attorney.
He is broke.
- What? I. I don't.
I don't understand.
I watch him spend the money.
What are you talking
about. he's broke?
- Girl. he did it
with all your money.
Have you been checking my
godson's college account?
The money you've been
saving since he was born.
Oh. let's not forget about
the $2 million your dad left
before the bastard died.
I know all your account numbers.
I'm your best
friend. your sister.
you put me on as a signer
in case if anything
ever happened to you.
- Take another step.
Please do. Who's the trick now?
And don't you ever put
your hands on her again
or I shoot you right
where you stand.
- Trudy. shoot them both.
They killed Logan and Evan.
- Ms. Brown. put the gun down.
We here now. We got this.
- [Trudy] Least lemme
pistol whip this trick.
I owe her at least that.
- Ms. Brown. hand
me the gun now.
- Mm. I'm gonna give it to you.
but I know how you police do.
You keep our guns. you keep
our weed. you sell our crack.
but this right here. this
my Grandma Katie May's gun.
I'mma give it to you.
but I want it back.
- Detectives. these
two are the ones
that killed Logan and Evan.
Please get them outta here.
- He made me do it.
He said if I didn't do
it. he would kill me.
- Are you okay. Ms. Storms?
Do you need medical attention?
- No. Just please get
them outta my house.
- I understand how
you feel. Believe me.
They go away for a long time.
Detective Gavin. get Mr. Dennis
and Ms. Carter outta here.
I need to make the report.
- [Detective Stonewall] Put
your hands behind you back.
- Dennis? His name
is Hudson Wheeler.
- No. Ms. Storms.
His name is Dennis Carter.
Ms. Carter here
criminal husband.
- What?
- Yeah.
- Put hands behind your back.
Both of y'all gon' be gone
for a long time. Let's go.
- [Rainey] Detective. how
did you know to come here?
- [Detective Smith] You
got Ms. Brown to thank.
She was your lifesaver tonight.
- [Trudy] I'll fill her in.
* Isn't He holy
* Jesus
- So. girl. you sure you okay?
Maybe we should listen
to the detective
and actually went to the
hospital and got you checked.
- Mm-mm. No. I'm okay.
I just. I really need to
process all of this and relax.
Melisende. after
all these years.
hated me because of what
my father did to her.
and punished my
brother and my son.
I just. I don't know. I...
I don't understand.
- Well. you know. sometimes
we love people so hard
and so deep that we
don't even see the evil
that's really within them.
- How did you know to come
here with the detectives?
- Okay. so listen.
remember. you called my phone
and you didn't say anything
for like 20. 25 minutes.
You know me. I'm nosy.
So I stayed on the line.
So then I heard your husband say
that you were dead.
but he was talking to somebody.
So again. I'm still listening.
So then I heard Melisende
say exactly what she did
to your father.
to you and your kids.
Then I knew it was
going on. So what I do?
Girl. I got in my car.
I didn't wanna hang up.
so I drove straight to
the closest pay. pay.
what is it. payphone
thing. booth. girl.
get. went in there.
called the detective that
left the card at the office.
Told her where I
was gonna be at.
And I headed to you. When I
got there. you weren't there.
I mean. I'm sorry. they
weren't there. So what I do?
I reached down in my
glove compartment.
pulled old out old
Katie May's gun.
Girl. I came in
to save my friend.
- Thank you. You saved my life.
- Girl. no. this is all
God's will. Trust me.
And now. honestly.
thank God for those new
phones you put in that office
that hold up to 12
hours of conversation.
Got that.
- I'm glad you was nosy enough
not to hang up the phone.
- Girl. you know I'm nosy.
- So you got all
of the confession?
- I had them on the two-way
listening the whole entire time.
Listen. Rainey. you
been through a lot
in the last few years.
The loss of your mother.
the loss of your father.
Evan and your son.
girl. only a strong woman
can go through the
things you been through.
And you the strongest
woman I know.
Honey. all I know now is that
the killer of my little cousin
is behind bar.
- I owe you an apology.
Ever since my father's passing.
I haven't been fair to you.
- Oh. no. Rainey. You do
not owe me no apology.
Look. Rainey.
I know that was your father.
and me and Evans never
told you the truth.
And I get that.
But trust me. honey.
I would've been
protective over my father
and my brother as well.
- I read the letter
that he wrote to you.
and I'm sorry that he
put you through that.
- It's okay. You already
know. Evan was truly my boy.
We would go out
dancing. singing.
Girl. he had me laughing.
especially trying to teach
me those karate moves.
Girl. you know I wanted to
put some moves on that old.
you know what. Melissa.
Melisende girl.
- That woulda been
a TikTok moment.
- Girl. what in the world
you know about some TikTok?
Shoot. With your
boujee yourself.
- I could surprise
you on what I know.
But for real.
I finally know the truth. And
I know Evan is smiling down.
- Mm. absolutely. Now I do
have a question for you though.
- [Rainey] What's that?
- Just a little question.
- Okay. after all
that you been through
in this whole situation.
do I still got a job?
- Do you still have a job?
- [Trudy] Yeah.
- Girl. I'm 'bout to change
that sign to my ride or die.
- Now. wait. Boo.
that is ghetto. That's
too ghetto for me.
So no. that is taken it too
far. That's ghetto. No. ma'am.
Mm. well. anyway. girl.
we need to get you
to this hospital.
'Cause like the detectives
said. to make sure you straight.
you all in the clear.
So. and we also need to stop
by the police department
to get you to (speaker
mumbles) that report.
But you wanna stop and
get a drink before we go.
a glass of wine?
- Mm-mm.
I never wanna see another
glass or bottle of wine
in my entire life.
I'm not even doing
communion on Sunday.
- Girl. you know Pastor Willie
don't even serve no wine
at communion.
That's moonshine. girl. Put
a little hair on your chest.
A little hair on
your chest. girl.
Get your butt up. Let's get
dressed and get you outta here.
* Watch me in the water
* Cleanse me in the
mercy of your love
* I need a heavenly touch
* 'Cause I been backsliding
* I need a little
guiding for my soul
* Only heaven knows
* 'Cause I just need
* Oh. a helping hand
* It's gonna help me stand
* 'Cause I just need
* Oh. a helping hand
* It's gonna help me stand